
Emotions Section:

Headline: Emotional States

Slide 1:
	Headline: Sad

	Sub-Headline: Why so cruel? Hmmm.

	Copy:
For baby Yoda 13/10 people would die. You see how sad he is? At those down-turned ears look! Baby Yoda needs a pick-me-up and a warm cup of frog leg soup.
	
Slide 2:
	Headline: Happy

	Sub-Headline: When he smiles we smile

	Copy: 
When baby Yoda is happy we love. At that smile look. The cutest alien thing ever he is. Our hearts he melts.

Slide 3:
	Headline: Hungry

	Sub-Headline: Have mood swings he does not, have food swings he does

	Copy:
A growing boy he is! To eat his favorite foods he loves. Check out his favorite foods down below. Yes, hrrrm.

Slide 4:
	Headline: Tired

	Sub-Headline: Tuckered out he gets

	Copy:
Him super sleepy all of the action makes. Energy to crush bad guys, make friends, and have fun, he needs his rest to have.











Skills Section:

Headline: The Skills

	Skill 1: 
		Headline: The Force
		
		Copy:
Long until this small creature achieves jedi master status it won’t be. The original Yoda achieved that rank at the age of 100. Likely to be rapid development from the age of 50 to 100 in the child there is. Yes, hrrrm.
		
	Skill 2: 
		Headline: Serious Cuteness
		
		Copy:
Helpless in the face of baby Yoda humanity is. Those saucer-size eyes, x-wing ears, adorable enough to melt any heart and three-digit mitts are. Much choice in the matter: science says we’re all programmed to react a certain way when we see the little green guy you don’t even have.

	Skill 3: 
		Headline: Hide and Seek
		
		Copy:
Not the fun, hiding for his life aboard the Mandalorian's ship no-high-stakes preschool version though -- baby Yoda is. That when you see how cute he is peeking out from behind machinery but you almost forget. A baby he may be, how to stay alive but he still knows.










Friends Section:

Headline: Friends / Foes

Slides:
Peli Motto (Friend)
The Mandalorian (Friend)
Cara Dune (Friend)
Kuiil (Friend)
Scout Troopers (Foe)











Food Section:

Headline: Favorite Foods

Food 1:
	Headline: Frogs

	Copy: 
Good for him all frogs are. It doesn't matter if they're deep fried or raw. Them he loves.

Food 2:
	Headline: Cup of Soup
	
	Copy: All soups he loves, warm frog leg soup but his favorite is. Hmm.

Food 3:
	Headline: Chicky Nuggies

	Copy: 
His absolute fave especially when it's paired with chocky milk, chicky nuggies are! All chicky nuggies he loves, his number one Popeyes is.











Contact Section:

	Copy: 
If lost or stolen, contact the Mandalorian immediately. If it is a medical emergency call 911 first, and then the Mandalorian.
	
	The Mandalorian
	719.266.2837
	1 Letterman Drive
	San Francisco, CA 94129
	hello@mandalorian.com

If a frog or another suspicious material has been eaten, contact your local poison control, then call the Mandalorian.

Poison Control Hotline: 8001.222.1222

	Complete the form in this section for all other matters or to request a play date.
